JSTL stands for JSP Standard Tag Library
JSTL can be divided into 5 category :
1. Core
2. XML
3. i18N(Internationalization)
4. Database : Not used. It is not recommened to use Database in view pages.
5. Functions 

Download the JSTL libraties from Net (Search JSTL downloads maven)
Download JSTL jar from maven repository.
Apart from this there is 1 more dependency called JSP-API which is already present in
our APACHE repository.
Copy the downloaded jstl jar into the lib folder which is present inside WEB-INF.

Use of JSTL tags in our projects.
First we need to include the tags in our pages before using it in our JSP
These taglibs are similiar to import in JAVA.

${name} --> This is expression language. This can be used directly inside JSP page
Expression language is a set of expression which is used to set our work. 


Reading from Beans using Expression language.

In the id we have complete object for the Bean and we can access the properties from 
the getter and setter OR direclty access the private variable as well.


JSTL Decision Making.
In JSTL the Decision making tags are the part of Core library of JSTL.
In JSTL core tags we have only if tag available and there is no else part.
In JSTL core tag we have choose and when tag which is equivalent to Switch Case.
Inside choose tag we use when tag to define the cases.
and otherwise is used as default is used in switch case.


JSTL Loops
Loop in JSTL comes under core functionality of JSTL
Here we have 2 types of loop : for loop and foreach loop

JSTL forTokens
In JSTL forTokens are used for separating any String.


JSTL imports and param tags
If we have redundant code present then its better to import write it in separate file and 
import that file. Redundant codes example are like Footer and Headers
We can also use the param tag to avoid using Hard coded value in title tag 
inside header and footer JSP files

JSTL URL and Redirects tags
We use URL tag direct which is present JSTL core lib and 
this gives the complete URL of the page
We use Redirect tag which is present in JSTL core lib and
this gives 

JSTL Catch tag
JSTL core lib provides us the tag to handle the exception
We can make use catch tag to handle any Exception on the web page by use <c:catch> tag.
 
